[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[WATER RUNNING]
[TURNS OFF FAUCET]
[WHINNIES]
Easy. easy. easy.
Good boy. Come on. Turn.
Hold. son. Hold. son.
Come on. son. That's it.
Turn. turn.
Come on. Come on. son.
Come on.
- Buenos días.
How did you sleep?
- Pretty good.
- Mm.
I didn't see Gabri's car.
She called. She's fine. John.
She's at Antonia's.
I was hoping she'd help me ride
that new bald-faced stallion.
She'd like that horse.
He turns great. Great turner.
- Hmm.
- Yeah.
You know. she'd be a good trainer.
She's got a way with horses.
Don't you think?
Mm. maybe.
But she is going to college.
You think she wants to smell like horses
all the time like you?
[CHUCKLES] That bad?
No. para nada. if you like horses.
[LIQUID DRIPPING]
[RUMBLING]
[MAN'S VOICE] Take 'em down!
[MAN SHOUTING IN VIETNAMESE]
[SCREAMS]
[SHOUTING CONTINUES]
[LYNDON JOHNSON]
Make no mistake about it.
[SCREAMS]
We are going to win.
[GENERAL WESTMORELAND]
I can assure you that. militarily.
this strategy will not succeed.
- [GIRL] Uncle John!
- In here!
Hey.
Afternoon.
Did you finish working out the horses?
Yeah. pretty much.
[SIZZLING]
What you working on?
You know what this is?
A small knife.
No. it's Damascus steel.
It's a letter opener I made
for when you go away to college.
And I'm gonna add on these white handles.
Letter opener?
It'd be beautiful on your desk.
Oh.
Uh. I hate to break it to you.
but nobody writes letters anymore.
Hmm.
Well. then you can use it
to keep the boys away.
- Anyway.
- Okay.
[HORSE WHINNIES]
[GABRIELLE]
It's crazy. I'm about to start college.
I don't know why.
I have no idea what I want to do yet.
Did you know
what you wanted to do at my age?
[RAMBO]
Yeah. I wanted to be a soldier.
[GABRIELLE] At my age?
Even before your age.
Did you like it?
Well. I had some of the best friends
I ever had for a while.
It's gonna be real quiet around here
without you asking all these questions.
[CHUCKLES]
- I'm sure you'll survive.
- Yeah.
The sun's setting. I only have
about an hour left to ride. okay?
- Why is that?
- I have to go to Antonia's.
She's throwing this thing for the guys
who are going to college in the fall.
Why don't you invite them here?
What?
Bring them over here.
Remember what happened last time?
- You freaked them out.
- Why?
Because you wouldn't stop staring at them.
Oh. no.
Yeah. I do that sometimes.
but it's not intentional.
Thank you. but Antonia's got it covered.
We're just gonna have it there. okay?
Show them the tunnels.
What?
You don't let anybody go in the tunnels.
No. but they're your friends.
so they're welcome.
- Okay. cool. Yeah.
- Yeah. show them the tunnels.
- Yeah. that would be fun.
- Yeah.
Hey. I'm really gonna miss
riding with you.
[RAMBO CHUCKLES]
I'm gonna miss riding with you too.
[HIP-HOP MUSIC ON SPEAKERS]
[CHATTERING]
[BOY] Whoa!
[GABRIELLE] Isn't this cool?
- He's never let anyone down here.
- [BOY] This is crazy. man.
[MARIA. IN SPANISH]
I could get used to it.
- I hope she's having a good time.
- Hmm.
[IN ENGLISH]
You never let me in the tunnels. Hmm?
If you really wanna go in.
I'll take you on a guided tour.
No. thank you. Too dirty.
It is that. [CHUCKLES]
[MUSIC CONTINUES]
[SIGHS]
[BOY]
This is a great place for a party. baby.
Not right now. okay?
I have a lot on my mind.
No. I understand.
Did you draw that?
Yeah. I drew that. actually.
when I was ten years old.
That's a masterpiece.
- [CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
- Who's that?
I got to take this.
Gizelle?
[GIZELLE] Hey. girl. can you hear me?
The reception is not so good.
No. no. no. Yeah. yeah. yeah. I hear you.
Tell me everything.
- Gabrielle?
- Yeah?
[BOTTLES CLINKING]
What are you doing down here?
All of your friends have left.
They made a big mess.
I'm just cleaning up.
So. how did it go?
Um. everyone had a good time.
They kept asking me
why my uncle built these tunnels.
What did you say?
I said that you like digging
and you're a little crazy.
That's fair enough.
I need to talk to you about something.
And I just want you to have
an open mind about it.
I need to go to Mexico.
Why would you want to do that?
Because I found my father.
My friend Gizelle. who lives there...
Well. she used to live here.
Do you remember her?
Mm-hmm.
I asked her for a favor.
and she found him.
He lives in a town near hers.
Uncle John. I have to do this.
I need to hear it from him.
I need to understand
why he would just do that.
Because he's not a good man.
- Can't be that simple.
- It is.
Uncle John. I've heard the stories.
I know you've been through a lot.
But my world is a lot different
from yours.
No. it's not. It's worse.
No. it's not.
People don't just act bad for no reason.
There's no reason for a man to throw
his family away. He's lucky he has one.
- Why are you getting so mad?
- Because you don't know how bad it is.
I know how black a man's heart can be.
There's nothing good out there. Gabrielle.
Well. maybe he's changed.
Men like that don't change.
It only gets worse.
You changed.
I haven't changed.
I'm just trying to keep a lid on it.
every day.
Uncle John. I need you to trust me.
I need you to know
that I'm gonna make good decisions.
I can't control what's out there.
You can't just protect me forever.
As long as I'm around.
he's never gonna hurt you again.
No one is.
You said you did what
you thought was right and left at 17.
and nobody stopped you.
I wish they had.
Gabrielle. I care for you like a daughter.
I know you want answers.
Just wait a little while.
Grow up a little bit.
Know about the world a little bit.
Would you do that for me. please?
All right.
Thanks.
- I'm gonna go to bed.
- Good night.
Good night.
[MARIA SHOUTING IN SPANISH]
[IN SPANISH]
And I just wanna know why.
What's going on?
[IN ENGLISH]
She wants to see her father.
Gabrielle. I thought
we had an understanding.
We did. We did. I'm sorry.
But I've been thinking about it
all night. and...
I just want answers now. not later.
How did you find him?
Gizelle helped me.
Gizelle.
[IN SPANISH]
Yeah.
[RAMBO] Uh...
[IN ENGLISH]
She's trying to help me.
That man is more your father.
Watching over you. protecting you.
These last ten years. he was the father.
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
Maria. go easy.
No. Why?
Because.
[MARIA. IN SPANISH]
That's enough.
[IN ENGLISH] Tell her.
[IN SPANISH]
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
Okay.
You're right.
I won't go.
I'm gonna go to Antonia's.
- [MARIA. IN ENGLISH] Okay.
- [GABRIELLE] Sorry.
It's all right. She's a kid.
Uncle John!
Sorry about everything earlier!
That's okay!
Okay.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[INTENSE MUSIC]
[SIGHS]
[CHATTERING IN SPANISH]
[HORN HONKING]
[LATIN HIP-HOP MUSIC ON SPEAKERS]
[NO AUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
[MAN SHOUTS IN SPANISH]
Hey! Come here!
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
Look at you.
[IN SPANISH]
- [IN ENGLISH] Hey.
- Hmm?
[IN SPANISH]
[CHUCKLES]
- [IN ENGLISH] You want something to drink?
- No. I'm okay.
I do.
[LATIN ROCK MUSIC ON SPEAKERS]
I'll just sit here.
You know. I can feel you looking around.
What?
It's a nice house. huh?
Yeah. it's fine.
I can feel you looking at me too.
No.
No. You look great.
I know I've changed.
Life down here. it ain't easy. my sister.
You do what you can.
Yeah. I get it.
I appreciate you so much
for helping me find my dad.
I mean. it wasn't easy. but it's cool.
Let me give you something...
No. no. no. You think
I'm some fucking charity case?
No. Gizelle.
- I didn't...
- I was kidding.
[GASPS] Okay.
I actually believed you
there for a second.
You know I would never
hurt your feelings like that.
[IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH]
we'll go see your old man.
Okay.
Hyah. Come on!
Hyah.
Come on!
[SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE]
[GIZELLE. GABRIELLE CHATTERING]
There it is. 172.
Go on. Get your daddy. girl.
[SOFTLY]
Apartment number two. Okay.
- [BABY CRYING]
- [LIVELY MUSIC ON SPEAKERS]
[CHATTERING]
Hola.
[IN SPANISH]
[WOMAN. IN SPANISH]
[MAN. IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH]
I did not expect this.
It's been a very long time.
[IN ENGLISH] I know.
You're all grown up now. Gabriela.
How did you find me?
- It wasn't easy.
- [MANUEL CHUCKLES]
You always had a good head
on your shoulders.
Even as a little girl.
you always did good in school.
I need to talk to you.
[CHUCKLES]
Just now you looked just like your mother.
Really?
Yes. very much.
You could almost be her twin.
Thank you. Um...
I need to... I need to ask you a question.
Of course.
Why did you leave us?
I'm just trying to understand
why you would just go like that.
Okay.
Because one day.
I looked at your mother and you
and realized you both
didn't mean anything to me anymore.
I know it's hard to understand.
But I wasted time being with you...
and her.
And she fucking dies
and leaves me with you...
who I never wanted.
Any more questions?
You don't need to come back.
[GIZELLE SPEAKING SPANISH]
Hey. what happened? Girl. what happened?
I should've listened to him.
He was right the whole time.
- I got to get back home tonight.
- Who?
Fuck that! You're not gonna drive home.
It's too late and you're too upset.
Yo. let me help you.
You got to calm down. though.
We'll do something
to get this out of your mind.
I'll drive.
[MAN RAPPING]
♪ Only really was a ten. surf the wave ♪
[HIP-HOP MUSIC ON SPEAKERS]
♪ Wave. wave ♪
♪ I'mma. wave
I'mma surf the wave ♪
♪ Wave. wave ♪
♪ Wave I'mma surf the wave ♪
[GIZELLE SPEAKS SPANISH]
Hi.
[CHATTERING IN SPANISH]
♪ Wave. wave ♪
Hi. How are you?
♪ Yo. it's working
This rage is working ♪
♪ This anger's perfect
These verses are such... ♪
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
♪ There's no competition now
You can close the curtains ♪
♪ I can see clearly
All my enemies is lurking ♪
♪ You should listen seriously
And that's for certain ♪
[CONTINUES SPEAKING SPANISH]
♪ Watch for the sharks
And the motherfuckin' cops. yo ♪
♪ Wave I'mma surf the wave ♪
♪ Wave ♪
[SIGHS]
[MARIA] John! John!
- What's the matter?
- She never went to Antonia's.
She went to Mexico.
What?
Gizelle called. Gabriela went to see
her father and never came back.
Did you get an address?
And her father's too.
[CLATTERS]
What happened. John?
- Should I call the police?
- Cops can't cross the border.
Down there. they don't do shit.
Please. John.
[IN SPANISH]
I'll find her.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[INTENSE MUSIC]
[RAMBO]
I can't control what's out there.
[GABRIELLE]
You can't just protect me forever.
[DOOR OPENS]
[MAN. IN SPANISH]
[WOMAN SOBBING]
[WHIMPERING]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[SOBBING]
[WOMAN SHOUTS. INDISTINCT]
I'm looking for Gabrielle.
She's not here.
[BABY CRYING]
Where is she?
I don't know anything.
All this shit is because of you.
I should've broke your fucking neck
ten years ago.
[RAMBO] Gizelle.
[IN SPANISH]
My name is John.
We've met a few times before.
- I'm looking for Gabrielle.
- [IN ENGLISH] She's not here.
Do you know where she could be?
I don't know. She wanted help
finding her old man. That's all I know.
You mind if I ask you a few questions
about what happened?
Okay. but I don't know much.
Inside. if you don't mind.
Okay.
[GIZELLE] She was so sad.
He basically told her to fuck off.
and I just wanted to help.
Then what happened?
What happened?
She was crying a lot.
And it made me feel bad.
I didn't want to bring her back
to this shithole because it's depressing.
I thought it might be better
if I took her out.
you know. calm her down.
get her head clear. maybe get some drinks.
And then we went to this place.
and then we got separated.
- And I don't know what happened!
- How?
Because I drank too much. It happens.
I was talking to a couple of friends.
and then I looked up and she wasn't there.
And I looked for her everywhere.
And I thought maybe she left.
I don't know. I don't know.
She left without saying goodbye?
Yeah. I don't know. maybe.
Somebody drove me there.
and I don't even know who.
And yeah. I said I was fucked up.
Was she talking to anyone. any guys?
What?
Was she talking to any guys?
I don't know. man! Maybe.
She must've talked to a few guys.
Why you asking me all this shit?
You think I'm lying to you?
You called my house and said
she never came back from her father's.
Yeah. I was giving you a heads-up.
- Or covering your ass.
- Man. fuck you...
Where did you get this?
She gave it to me. man.
It was her mother's.
She'd never give it to you.
You sold her out.
She was your friend.
Fuck you! Get out of my place!
Look at me.
You're gonna take me to that club.
and you're gonna show me who she was with.
Or I'm gonna hurt you real bad.
Let's go.
Get out.
[CHATTERING]
[DANCE MUSIC ON SPEAKERS]
Shit. man. I can't go in there.
People know me. I got to live down here.
You're gonna go inside
and you're gonna point them out.
If you do anything else.
then I promise I'll put a bullet
in your head before they can get me.
Move.
[DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES]
[MUSIC FADING. ECHOING]
[RAMBO] I haven't changed.
I'm just trying to keep a lid on it.
[GABRIELLE]
My world is a lot different from yours.
[RAMBO] Because you don't know how bad it
is. I know how black a man's heart can be.
[MUSIC RESUMES]
[WOMEN LAUGHING]
[CHATTERING IN SPANISH]
That's the guy. man. On the couch.
- We're cool. right?
- Fuck off.
Get out of here.
[CHATTERING CONTINUES]
I'll be back.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
- [WOMAN CHUCKLES]
- [MAN SPEAKS SPANISH]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[MAN. WOMAN SHOUT]
[RAMBO. IN SPANISH]
[IN SPANISH]
[SCREAMING]
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
- [SCREAMING CONTINUES]
- [CRUNCHES]
Okay.
[IN ENGLISH] Start telling me where she is
or I'll break it off.
Okay. Okay.
[SHOUTING IN SPANISH]
[WOMAN GASPS]
[MAN PANTING]
[INTENSE MUSIC]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[MAN PANTING. GROANING]
[WOMAN. IN SPANISH]
[MAN. IN SPANISH]
[GROANS]
[RAMBO. IN SPANISH]
[MAN PANTING]
[GRUNTS]
[CHATTERING]
[LINE RINGING]
[WHISTLES]
[CHATTERING IN SPANISH]
[WHISTLING IN DISTANCE]
[HAMMER COCKS]
[CELL PHONE BEEPS]
[WHISTLES]
[CHATTERING IN SPANISH]
Whoa.
[IN SPANISH]
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
Vito.
[IN ENGLISH] Arizona.
[IN SPANISH]
[MEN CHUCKLING]
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
[VITO. IN SPANISH]
- Hey!
- [MEN SHOUT IN SPANISH]
[CLICKS TONGUE]
[CHUCKLES. GRUNTS]
- [RAMBO GROANS]
- [ALL SHOUTING]
[BOSS. IN SPANISH]
[SOFTLY] Let her go.
[IN ENGLISH] What?
Let her...
- Let her go.
- [BOSS] Let her go.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
"John Rambo."
Juanito Rambo.
[LAUGHS]
Wanna know something. Juanito?
These girls mean nothing to me
or my customers.
In my world. they're nothing.
They're not people.
They're just... They're just things.
They have no worth to men like us.
So I would have not
paid attention to this...
to her.
[RAMBO GROANS]
But now I will.
Because you coming here
has made it very bad for her. cabrón.
We would've just trained her.
used her and sold her.
But now we're gonna make
an example of her.
I'm gonna let you live.
[IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH] You're gonna think about this
every fucking day of your fucking life.
Until you can't think anymore. Juanito.
[RAMBO GRUNTS]
[IN SPANISH]
[GROANING]
[WOMAN SPEAKS SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH] Get up.
Let me help you. Can you stand?
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Okay. you have to get up.
They will come back.
Let her go.
No. no. no!
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
[IN SPANISH]
[GABRIELLE] No. no. no.
[WHIMPERING. PANTING]
[VITO. IN SPANISH]
[GABRIELLE WHIMPERS]
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
[GABRIELLE] No. no. no.
[SPEAKS SPANISH. ECHOING]
[WHIMPERING]
[SOBBING]
No. no. no.
[SCREAMS]
[IN SPANISH]
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
[CHATTERING IN SPANISH]
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
[RAMBO GROANS]
[PANTING]
[IN ENGLISH] You're up.
Yeah.
Are you okay?
Who are you?
Carmen Delgado.
What is your name?
John.
Your truck is in the garage. by the way.
How did I get here?
I brought you here.
You don't even know me.
Why do I have to know you?
Um...
You were in trouble.
I don't know. I would do it for anyone.
Why were you even there?
I'm an independent journalist.
I was following El Flaco...
a pimp who drugs and sells girls.
I saw you in the club. watching him.
I saw what you did to him.
How long have I been here?
- Four days.
- Four days?
Mm-hmm.
Christ.
You got to tell me...
Where are the men that took her?
Who did they take? Your daughter?
Yeah. Where is she?
Who are they?
The Martínez brothers.
They took my sister.
They found her dead from an overdose
three years ago.
I'm sorry.
You just got to tell me
where you think they are.
No. it doesn't work this way.
There's too many of them.
Are you crazy or what?
I'm not thinking about that.
All I can think about is...
how scared she must be.
what she's going through.
and what your sister went through.
Just help me. please.
I can't do it without you.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
Thanks.
[CHATTERING IN SPANISH]
[BOUNCER. IN SPANISH]
[IN SPANISH]
[BOUNCER SPEAKS SPANISH]
[DANCE MUSIC ON SPEAKERS]
[BOUNCER SPEAKING SPANISH]
[SPEAKS SPANISH. GRUNTS]
[INTENSE MUSIC]
- [MAN SPEAKS SPANISH]
- [RAMBO GRUNTS]
[IN ENGLISH] Go!
[BOTH. IN SPANISH]
[MAN 2 SPEAKS SPANISH]
[RAMBO SPEAKS SPANISH]
- [IN ENGLISH] Get out! Go! Come on!
- [WOMAN. IN SPANISH]
- [MAN 3 SPEAKS SPANISH]
- [RAMBO] God damn it!
No! No! No! No!
[GROANING]
- Get out!
- [SPEAKS SPANISH]
[GROANING CONTINUES]
- Gabrielle. Come here.
- [GABRIELLE] No!
- No. Gabrielle! Gabrielle.
- No!
It's John.
- It's Uncle John. It's Uncle John.
- [GABRIELLE SOBBING]
It's all right. It's all right.
It's your uncle. It's your uncle.
[WHIMPERING. GASPING]
Okay. We're going home.
You're going home. You're safe now.
[VITO. IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH] No. no. no. no. no.
[IN SPANISH]
[SHOUTS IN SPANISH]
[GABRIELLE BREATHING RAGGEDLY]
You came back.
We're gonna get you back.
get you back home.
I'm sorry.
No.
You didn't do anything.
You didn't do anything at all.
We're gonna go home.
and everything's gonna be good.
It's gonna be all right.
Okay.
I got this back for you.
Gabrielle. I need you
to keep your eyes open.
Keep your eyes open.
Let's talk about something.
I remember you were a great rider.
Every event you were in.
every competition.
you'd win everything.
I remember you were
just about 11 years old.
You won five events in one day.
That's really something.
Gabrielle. stay with me.
You can do it. We're gonna be home soon.
I'll take care of you.
You got so much life left.
You got so many things you got to do.
So many things.
When I came home a long time ago.
you were so young.
Gabrielle. you were so young.
I was lost. I was a lost man.
And then I met you.
And I saw something
that I didn't think I'd ever see anymore:
Good in this world. Some innocence.
And I had a family
that I never thought I'd ever have.
And raising you. it was the best thing
that ever happened to me.
And I thank you for that. Thank you.
You're like the...
Gabrielle?
Gabrielle.
Gabrielle. No. no.
Oh. don't do it.
Gabrielle?
Oh. God.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[SOBS]
I'm sorry.
Why not me?
Wait!
[MARIA SOBBING]
[SOMBER MUSIC]
[IN SPANISH]
I want you to stay at your sister's.
There's nothing for you here.
nothing for me here.
[IN ENGLISH] Where will you go?
I'm just gonna move around.
Like always.
Will I see you again?
Mm-hmm. Sure.
I will miss this.
[IN SPANISH]
Yeah.
[ENGINE STARTS]
Travel safe.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
[GRUNTS]
[KNOCKING CONTINUES]
What do you want?
I need your help.
[SIGHS] Come in.
If someone sees you. we both will die.
Coming back here is so dangerous.
- Did you find her?
- She's dead.
Oh. I'm...
I'm sorry.
I really am.
I know how you feel.
But coming back was dangerous.
Why are you here?
I wanna find the thin one.
- No.
- The one that cut her.
- The one that cut me.
I will not help you again.
You have to.
Why do I have to?
What will change? Nothing.
We grieve and move on.
And you've done that?
I mean. I think of her every day.
Every fucking day.
But we have to move on.
What if you can't move on?
- What if you can't move on at all?
- But you have to.
We have no choice. What's done is done.
Why is it done?
How is it ever done?
When I look at something so innocent...
and I see that face
never have life in it again.
how is it ever done?
I want revenge.
I want them to know
that death is coming...
and there's nothing
they can do to stop it.
I want them to feel our grief...
and know that's the last thing
they will ever feel.
And I know you want it too.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
[GURGLING]
[GRUNTING]
[GROANING]
[SHOWER RUNNING]
[REPORTERS CLAMORING IN SPANISH]
[SIREN WAILING]
[CLAMORING CONTINUES]
[INTENSE MUSIC]
- Go!
- [WHINNIES]
- [SHOUTS] Hyah!
[KNIFE SCRAPING]
[INTENSE MUSIC]
[HUGO SHOUTS IN SPANISH]
[MEN SHOUTING IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH]
Get him! This old gringo is nothing!
[MAN SPEAKS SPANISH]
[MEN SHOUTING IN SPANISH]
[MEN SCREAMING]
[IN SPANISH]
[SHOUTING IN SPANISH]
[WHISPERING IN SPANISH]
[MEN WHISPERING IN SPANISH]
[WHISPERING CONTINUES]
[GRUNTS]
[SCREAMS]
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
[GROANS]
[PANTING]
[BOTH SCREAM]
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
[SHOUTING]
[SCREAMS. GROANS]
[THE DOORS' "FIVE TO ONE"
PLAYING ON SPEAKERS]
♪ Yeah. c'mon ♪
♪ I love my girl ♪
[GROANING]
♪ Five to one. baby ♪
♪ One in five ♪
[SCREAMS]
♪ No one here gets out alive now ♪
[TRIP WIRE CLATTERS]
♪ You get yours. baby ♪
♪ I'll get mine ♪
♪ Gonna make it. baby
If we try ♪
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
[GUNFIRE ON RADIO]
♪ The old get old
And the young get stronger ♪
♪ May take a week
And it may take longer ♪
♪ They got the guns ♪
♪ But we got the numbers ♪
♪ Gonna win. yeah
We're takin' over ♪
♪ Come on! ♪
♪ Get together one more time ♪
[GROANS]
♪ Your ballroom days are over. baby ♪
♪ Night is drawing near ♪
♪ Shadows of the evening ♪
[SHOUTING IN SPANISH]
[SHOUTING]
- [MUSIC ENDS]
- [FEEDBACK SQUEALS]
[SCREAMING]
[INTENSE MUSIC]
[TRIP WIRE CLATTERS]
[GROANS]
[SHOUTS. GROANS]
Here!
[GROANS]
[GRUNTING]
They're all dead.
All of them.
I could've killed you ten times.
But I wanted you last.
[IN ENGLISH] Fuck you.
No. fuck you. dead man.
I want you to feel my rage.
my hate.
when I reach into your chest
and rip out your heart!
Like you did mine.
[IN SPANISH]
You want to live?
Follow the lights.
[EXPLOSIONS]
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMS]
[GROANS]
[PANTING]
[CREAKING]
[GROANING. SCREAMING]
[GRUNTING]
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
[SHOUTS]
This is what it feels like.
[SCREAMING]
[RAMBO]
I've lived in a world of death.
I tried to come home.
but I never really arrived.
A part of my mind and soul...
got lost along the way.
But my heart was still here.
where I was born.
Where I would defend to the end...
the only family I've ever known.
The only home I've ever known.
All the ones I've loved are now ghosts.
But I will fight...
to keep their memories alive...
forever.
[TRIUMPHANT MUSIC]